Xfce4 Dictionary - A client program to query different dictionaries
-------------------------------------------------------------

This program allows you to search different kinds of dictionary services
for words or phrases and shows you the result.
Currently you can query a "Dict" server(RFC 2229), any online dictionary
service by opening a web browser or search for words using the
aspell/ispell program.

xfce4-dict contains a stand-alone application called "xfce4-dict" and a
panel plugin for the Xfce panel.


"xfce4-dict" command
--------------------

If the panel plugin is loaded, the xfce4-dict command just opens the
already loaded main window of the panel plugin (replacement for the
former "xfce4-popup-dict" command).
If the panel plugin is not loaded, xfce4-dict opens the application
normally.

xfce4-dict understand a few command line options, for details read its
manpage or call: "xfce4-dict --help".

It can also be used to bind the dict plugin actions to a keyboard
shortcut. You can add a new keyboard command with the Keyboard settings
plugin in Xfce's settings manager and assign "xfce4-dict" as the action
command.


Panel Plugin
------------

With the panel plugin enabled, you can also easily select a word in an
email or on a webpage and drag it onto the dict icon in your panel, then
the plugin begins to search and shows you the results.

The plugin also provides a text field within the panel to directly enter
text to search for. To start the search simply press the Enter key in
the text field.


Query a Dict server
-------------------

You can query a dictionary server(see RFC 2229) to search for the
translation or explanation of a word. You can also choose a dictionary
offered by the server to improve your search results.
There are two special dictionaries:
* - use this dictionary to search in all available dictionaries on the
    server
! - use this dictionary to search in all available dictionaries on the
    server but stop searching after the first match.

This program was mainly tested with the server "dict.org" but should
work with any other servers which implement the DICT protocol defined
in RFC 2229.


Web-based dictionaries
----------------------

Searching web-based dictionary services like dict.leo.org or other ones
is also supported by passing the search word as a URL argument and
opening the URL in your web browser. The URL can be configured in the
preferences dialog.

A note on the started web browser:
xfce4-dict will open the configured URL with the "exo-open" command
which will open the configured default browser. If that doesn't work
other known browsers are tried. But it's better to set a default browser
using "Preferred Applications" in the Xfce settings manager.


Aspell/ispell based search
--------------------------

It is also possible to verify the spelling of word using aspell (or its
predecessor ispell). To get this working you need to have the aspell or
ispell binary in your binary search path and at least one dictionary
working. If you have multiple aspell dictionaries installed, you can
select the one to use in the preferences dialog.
